Previously on
Bob Hearts Abishola...
And one more
for your records.
What's this?
My resignation.
Thank you for the last 30 years.
(laughs)
Wait, you're serious?
Yes,
Mr. Wheeler, I wish you
continued success.
Aw, just sit down,
let's talk about this.
It is too late.
I have already accepted
another job at Toesey Woesies.
My sister stole you?
If you call offering me
a higher paying job
with better prospects
stealing, then yes.
I'm just gonna say it.
It's weird without Goodwin here.
We don't need anybody else.
We got Bob.
He'll pick up the slack
like he always does.
He's never let us down.
When his father, Max, died,
he quit school and
swooped in to save us.
Isn't that right, honey?
Gave up my dream
of being a sportscaster
to come here.
And when your first marriage was
falling apart, where were you?
Here.
And four days after
your heart attack,
which this job gave you,
where were you?
Right back here,
working up another one.
DOTTIE: Exactly.
My Bobby doesn't need friends.
He doesn't need hobbies.
He's got MaxDot.
The whole country could be hit
by an atomic bomb,
and our little cockroach would
still be here selling socks.
Hey, Bobby,
where you going?
Bob?
("Room Service" by Kiss playing)
* I'm feeling low,
no place to go *
* And I'm-a thinking
that I'm gonna scream... *
MAN: Bob.
Bob.
Bobby.
You mind turning that down?
I can't hear myself drink.
* To shut the light. *
(music turns off)
Thank you.
I know what you're gonna say,
Dad, you think I made a mistake.
Yeah, maybe.
Mistakes aren't always
a bad thing.
Take your first marriage--
that was a disaster,
but you're a better man for it.
I am.
I mean, that broad
was a nightmare.
Yeah.
I tried to tell you
at the wedding.
I remember your speech.
Well, that's blood
under the bridge.
I see you lost some weight.
Yeah, I'm trying to get healthy.
(scoffs)
You kids and your crazy fads.
I'm done, Dad.
I can't do
the job anymore.
Yeah, I get it.
You do?
Yeah. You hit the wall.
So, what do I do?
Simple.
Pick yourself up,
brush yourself off,
and get back to work.
It's that easy, huh?
Well, I was also a big fan
of the amphetamines.
Used to get 'em
from a guy named Rick.
You know, I think I got his
beeper number here somewhere.
It's been 25 years.
I'm fried. I'm tapped out.
Aw, is it hard to run
the sock factory
your daddy left you?
As a matter of fact, it is.
You know what my daddy left me?
You told me:
a carton of cigarettes.
Menthol.
BOTH: Ugh.
The job was
easy for you.
You could sell bibles
to a brothel.
I never sold them any bibles
or compression socks.
On the whole,
prostitutes have
pretty good circulation.
(sighs)
I don't know how many years
I got left.
I got to figure out
who I am, why I'm here.
Don't tell me you're in therapy.
No, as you can see,
I'm doing great.
Here's all you need
to know, Bobby.
Guys like you and me,
we're worker bees.
You bring home the honey
till you die,
or your stinger falls off.
That's it?
Ah, it's not all bad.
Worker bees
get to go on business trips,
get to buzz around
some new flowers.
Careful not to pollenate 'em.
What if I don't want
to be a worker bee?
What if I want to be
something else?
What? The queen?
(chuckles)
Oh, my God, is that why
you lost all the weight?
("Ifanla" by Sola Akingbola
playing)
Did I tell you
my husband and I
are sleeping in
separate bedrooms?
Is everything all right?
Everything's
fantastic.
No more snoring,
fighting over blankets,
and now, any time
I'm in the mood,
he's my across-the-hall
booty call. (chuckles)
Well, I'm happy where
my booty call is located.
That's nice.
It won't last,
but it's nice.
(cell phone rings)
Hello, Dottie.
Hey, honey.
I was just wondering
if you heard from Bob today.
No.
DOTTIE: Oh.
Okay.
I'm sure everything's fine.
We'll talk later.
Dottie, is something wrong?
Well, I don't
want to worry you, but...
your husband has gone missing.
What?
DOTTIE: Yeah.
He walked out
in the middle of a meeting.
Had this weird look on his face.
What kind of weird look?
Oh, you know, like
his will to live is gone.
But I'm
probably reading
too much into it.
Oh, my God.
What's going on?
Hold on.
(stammers)
Straight to voice mail.
He didn't pick up.
He always picks up.
Now, take it easy,
there could be
a lot of explanations.
There's no reason to assume
he's dead in a ditch somewhere.
Oh, my God.
What's going on?
Bob might be dead in a ditch.
What?
DOTTIE: Just let me know
if you hear from him.
Or if he's brought
into your emergency room.
I have to go and check
the emergency room.
Well, anything I can do?
Drive around, look at ditches.
Hello, Douglas.
Hey, man.
Is that a beer?
Yep. Want one?
We are at work, Douglas.
I know these are
uncertain times,
but we do not have to give up
just because Bob and Goodwin
have left.
(scoffs) That's easy
for you to say.
When this all goes down,
you'll get another job.
My only skill is my
last name is Wheeler.
That is not true,
you have skills.
You don't have to humor me, man.
I know I'm just
a pretty face and hair.
I know you are scared,
we all are,
but in times like this,
we must be greater
than our fear.
I tell you I don't
have any skills,
and you think I can do that?
You do not
have to do this alone.
We are in this together.
There you are.
I found your résumé
in the copier.
My résumé? You must be mistaken.
Oh, really?
Is there another
Kofoworola Olanipekun
working here?
Dude.
I was only putting out feelers.
Well, how about
you feel this.
I felt it.
You can count on me, Mom.
I'm not going anywhere.
Are you drunk?
Mm, almost.
Give me that.
And you can stick that résumé
where the sun don't shine.
Like under a rock?
More like a tiny cave.
Bob, please call me
as soon as you get this.
(sighs)
Voice mail again.
I'm sure there's a
simple explanation.
Like what?
He has fallen in love
with another woman
and he's running
away from you.
He would not do that.
Okay.
Would he do that?
Maybe not, maybe
he is in a ditch.
Hello, Mummy,
if you hear from Bob,
please call me.
Everything is fine,
we just cannot find him.
No, he's not
running away from me.
Okay, what
do we know?
He suddenly left work,
his phone is off,
he used to be fat.
What does fat
have to do with anything?
Fat men are grateful
for what they have.
They do not run away
from their wives.
They do not
run anywhere.
You are being ridiculous.
Hello, Auntie.
If you hear from Bob,
please let me know.
No, no, nothing is wrong,
I just cannot find him.
No, he is not
running away from me.
Geez, look at this place.
Nothing's changed.
Same menu.
Not true.
They have a veggie dog now.
What's that? Like,
a boiled carrot?
Comes with barbecue sauce.
Mm.
You and me ate here a lot.
After every fight
with your mother.
You and me ate here a lot.
Your mother is a
passionate woman.
I don't know how you guys
stayed together so long.
Your mother is a
passionate woman.
(groans) Oh.
So, what's the
plan, son?
I don't know.
Thinking about
a vanilla shake.
That's exactly
what I'd do.
Eat yourself sick?
Fill the hole.
You do it with food,
I did it with scotch.
You also gambled.
Hey,
if I wanted to talk to my wife,
I would've visited my wife.
The point is,
you do what you have
to do so you can
get back to work
the next day.
Says the guy who dropped dead
on the warehouse floor.
A hero's death.
Nope.
What are you doing?
I don't want to
end up like you.
(scoffs)
You just wasted a dollar.
That hot dog was eight dollars.
Eight dollars?!
That's a full tank of gas.
Bob.
Thank God you're okay.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Why aren't you
answering your phone?
I'm sorry, it's kind
of hard to explain.
Oh, just tell her
you are running away.
How'd you know
I'd be here?
This is your happy place.
And your sad place.
And your "lost money
on a football game" place.
Is that why you disappeared?
Because you gambled away
Abishola's house?
Can you give
us a minute?
You can come live with me.
I'm sorry I
didn't call.
Are you running away from me?
What? No, of
course not.
You're the only thing
in my life I'm sure of.
That is very sweet.
Why didn't you call?
Because I knew you'd
ask me what I'm doing,
and I don't
have an answer.
I have an answer.
You have gone crazy.
And that's why I didn't
want to talk to you.
So, what am I supposed to do--
sit around
and wait for my husband
to come to his senses?
I just need
a little time.
Take all the time you need.
Let's go.
Mm-hmm.
Make sure you keep the house.
We will be happier there.
SO that's the
new wife, eh?
Yup.
Not from Detroit,
I'm guessing.
Nigeria.
No.
Yeah.
How?
I had a heart attack,
she was my nurse.
And you bagged her?
That's my boy.
UNCLE TUNDE:
Oh,
that is good news.
Abishola found Bob, he's fine.
Oh, thank God.
(all sigh)
Why did he disappear
like that?
Hold on. Uh, why did he
disappear like that?
Apparently, he wanted a hot dog.
Is he coming
back to work?
Stand by.
Is he coming back to work?
Ah-ha.
I understand.
No.
Why?
Uh-huh.
She does not know.
What does she know?
What do you know?
I see.
She says he did not
run away from her.
That's not news. He's as loyal
as a three-legged dog.
Dottie says that
he is as loyal as a dog
with an amputate...
She hung up.
I can't believe
Bob quit on me.
I'm so sorry.
There is a
Nigerian saying,
"Every time a child
chooses their own path,
an angel falls from heaven."
That is not a saying.
I am trying to comfort her.
Dele. Come here.
A-Am I in trouble?
The whole family
is in trouble.
What's going on?
Bob can no longer
provide for his family.
You must be ready
to be the man of the house.
I'm 15.
I was 13
when I started
my first business.
It failed.
I was 13.
(sighs)
Oh, gosh. Okay, okay,
you can do this,
you can do this.
People get laid off
all the time.
He will understand.
Giving bad news doesn't make you
a bad person. (chuckles)
You're just following orders.
Like a Nazi.
Hey, pal,
got a minute?
Of course, please come in.
Oh, I see
you've decorated
your office already.
Just a few pictures
of my family.
A few... dozen.
This is my
mother and father
in Lagos.
Ah.
My grandmother,
also in Lagos.
Nice.
This is my grandfather,
he's dead.
Buried in Lagos?
Exactly right.
So, uh...
And here is my cousin,
Joseph, he lives in Liverpool,
birthplace of the Beatles, but
he prefers the Rolling Stones.
(giggles) Funny.
It is. (laughs)
So, listen...
And this is my sister,
Blessing, lives
in Portland, Oregon,
works for Nike.
Oh...
See?
For my birthday.
(laughs)
Blessings from Blessing.
(chuckles)
And this is my wife,
my two daughters, and my son
when we were at Disney World.
I-I see the mouse ears.
(laughs) Cute story.
Oh, great.
My son, Bayo,
ate so many sweet treats,
he had a stomach ache,
and Goofy had to carry him
to first aid. (laughing)
God bless Goofy.
Speaking of nauseous...
I have told
everyone how you gave me
this amazing opportunity.
Awesome.
They cannot wait to meet you.
Is that right?
My children already call you
Auntie Christina.
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
No.
I'm a Nazi.
Last time I saw you
in the flesh,
you were sitting
in that chair.
Ah, the flesh.
I don't miss it.
If I remember correctly,
you were writing me a check.
Sounds right. I loved
spending money on you kids.
You were very generous.
It was just my way of
compensating for all the guilt.
What were you guilty about?
Are you kidding? I worked 24/7.
I was never there for you.
Hell, this is
the longest conversation
you and me have ever had,
and I'm not really here.
You took care of us.
You were a great dad.
You know the secret
to being a great dad?
What?
Die early.
(knocking)
Come in.
You wanted to see me,
Mr. Wheeler.
Yeah, thanks for coming over.
Come on in, grab a chair.
So...
how you making out
over at Toesey Woesies?
Oh, uh...
it is wonderful.
Going to work there was
the best decision of my life.
That's great.
Mm-hmm. Very great.
And how are you doing?
The truth?
I've been talking
to my dead dad all day.
Oh, I see.
Uh, was he helpful?
Actually, yeah.
It is important
to talk to those
who have come before us,
but do not ignore them,
they get angry.
I'll keep that in mind.
So, how may I help you?
I had a job proposition for you,
but you seem pretty happy
where you are.
Very happy.
What is your proposition?
How would you feel about sitting
in that chair?
That is your chair.
No.
That chair belongs
to the president of the company.
I'm gonna be CEO.
What is the difference?
Well, the president
does all the work
and the CEO drops by
every now and then
to criticize that work.
So, you would be like my mother?
Don't make it weird.
So, what do you think?
It would take a lot of money
for me to leave Toesey Woesies,
which, as I mentioned, I love.
I get it.
Of course, your pay would be
appropriate to the position.
And this would
definitely be my office?
No take-backsies?
This would be your office.
Excuse me.
Where you going?
I have a box of pictures
in my car. I will be right back.
Look at you,
delegating.
It's the only way
I'm ever gonna have a life.
What does that even
mean, "have a life"?
Well, when you're on
your deathbed looking back,
you have no regrets.
Really?
That's upsetting.
I'll try and have a life
for both of us.
I like that. Thanks.
Call me if you need me.
I'll always need you, Dad.
Nah.
You got this.
I'm not asleep.
Of course you're not.
Do you still need time to think?
Nope. I got a plan.
Good. I'm very
happy for you.
You still mad at me?
Yes.
But I'm glad you're home.
Me too.
Bob.
Yeah?
The next time I'm
worried you are dead,
you better be.
I love you, too.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org